README.md, before:

# EventsNearby

Welcome to your new gem! In this directory, you'll find the files you need to be able to package up your Ruby library into a gem. Put your Ruby code in the file `lib/events_nearby`. To experiment with that code, run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt.

TODO: Delete this and the text above, and describe your gem

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'events_nearby'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install events_nearby

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/events_nearby. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.


## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

Edit README.md including welcome message and installation instructions

README.md, after:

# EventsNearby

Welcome to 'Events Nearby'! In this directory, you'll find a CLI Ruby Gem. 'Events Nearby' lets you enter any location to retrieve a list of events that are near that location. Displayed will be the name of the events, when they are taking place, where exactly they are, and how much they cost. You can then choose one of the listed events to see details about that event and even open it in your browser.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'events_nearby'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install events_nearby

## Usage

- Start the program
- Enter the location you want to see events nearby
- Enter a number to see more details about a specific event
- Open the chosen event in your browser if you wish or start over

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/events_nearby. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.


## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
